events/blockdam/README.md, before:

---
title: Why open blockchains matter
description: Blockchain is inherited from bitcoin. Many people seem to not know that. In one day we will empower participants with the knowledge of crypto currencies’ design principles immutability, self-sovereignty and efficiency, the associated building blocks and the reasons why blockchains in this perspective matter.
name: Why open blockchains matter | Unknown design principles of blockchains and its consequences

synopsis:
  - Six sessions to choose from or a package deal for the whole day;
    ~ Features from history of money in todays crypto currencies
    ~ Fundamentals crypto currencies and blockchains
    ~ The real innovation in money and trust
    ~ Spectrum DLT to open public blockchains
    ~ Versatility of crypto tokens
    ~ Extra layers of guarantee for any system
  - Every single session is 1/100 of the Money 20/20 price. The package deal is 1/20 of the price of Money 20/20
  - The full revenue will be donated to MeetBerlage because they have been supporting BlockDAM. BlockDAM trainers will not be paid. Your ticket is your support too! Sponsored spots are redeemable, please submit a motivated application to info@bcws.io

date: 2019-06-04
endDate: 2019-06-04

time: "09:00"
endTime: "17:00"

tickets: https://www.ticketkantoor.nl/shop/openbc
price: 29
venue: Meet Berlage
address: Oudebrugsteeg 9, Amsterdam

# The category of the event. Valid options:
# - conference
# - event
# - hackathon
# - panel
# - workshop
# Use _only_ one, and don't capitalize.
category: workshop

#################
### SPEAKERS ####
#################
# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each entry.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove speakers as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
speakers:
  - name: Bart van Maarseveen
    title: Advisor on open blockchain tech
    company: move | open
    companyURL: https://moveopen.nl
    twitter: bvanmaarseveen
    website: https://bart.vanmaarseveen.net
    bio: Open source advocate since mid nineties and as a result now full into open blockchain technology. With an entrepreneurial and pragmatic mind Bart is always working on liberating technology.
  - name: Hans Geldof
    title: Blockchain Project Manager & Trainer
    company: Geldof Innovation Technology
    companyURL: https://www.geldof.it
    twitter: hoihansie
    website: http://linkedin.com/in/hansgeldof
    bio: In professional IT since 1995, I programmed, designed and managed software and IT related projects for big and small companies. In crypto since 2013 and active in blockchain since 2017. Fan of open source and open public blockchain applications.
  - name: Henk van Cann
    title: Open Public Blockchain purist
    company: Bcws.io
    companyURL: http:/bcws.io
    twitter: henkvancann
    website: https://www.linkedin.com/in/henkvancann/
    bio: Open Public Blockchain tech, Bitcoin purist, Self Sov Identity, Crypto Innov., BlockDAM Amsterdam, husband, father, musician; else? open source minded, trainer
      Co-founder of the training firm Blockchain Workspace (bcws.io) and works for the open public blockchain community. In the past Henk has been an entrepreneur in GIS, building up a company of 25 people on the payroll and later build up a firm in open source CMS systems that worked with a team solely consisting of small proprietary holders. He sold the two firms in 1999 and 2016 consecutively.
### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ###
---

<!-- ### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ### -->

<Event-Content/>

Commit message:

New events and other updates 1505

events/blockdam/README.md, after:

---
title: Why open blockchains matter
description: Blockchain is inherited from bitcoin. Many people seem to not know that. In one day we will empower participants with the knowledge of crypto currencies’ design principles immutability, self-sovereignty and efficiency, the associated building blocks and the reasons why blockchains in this perspective matter.
name: Why open blockchains matter | Unknown design principles of blockchains and their consequences

synopsis:
  - Six sessions to choose from or a package deal for the whole day;
    ~ Features from history of money in todays crypto currencies
    ~ Fundamentals crypto currencies and blockchains
    ~ The real innovation in money and trust
    ~ Spectrum DLT to open public blockchains
    ~ Versatility of crypto tokens
    ~ Extra layers of guarantee for any system
  - Every single session is 1/100 of the Money 20/20 price. The package deal is 1/20 of the price of Money 20/20
  - The full revenue will be donated to MeetBerlage because they have been supporting BlockDAM. BlockDAM trainers will not be paid. Your ticket is your support too! Sponsored spots are redeemable, please submit a motivated application to info@bcws.io
  - The price is 29 EURO for one session or 160 EURO for the full day.

date: 2019-06-04
endDate: 2019-06-04

time: "09:00"
endTime: "17:00"

tickets: https://www.ticketkantoor.nl/shop/openbc
price: 29
venue: Meet Berlage
address: Oudebrugsteeg 9, Amsterdam

# The category of the event. Valid options:
# - conference
# - event
# - hackathon
# - panel
# - workshop
# Use _only_ one, and don't capitalize.
category: workshop

#################
### SPEAKERS ####
#################
# There _needs_ to be one hyphen before each entry.
# Linebreaks are ignored, but they _must_ start with two spaces.
# Indentation is crucial:
# Two spaces before the hyphen, four spaces before the text. _No_ tabs allowed.
# Add or remove speakers as needed, but remember the hyphen before each entry.
speakers:
  - name: Bart van Maarseveen
    title: Advisor on open blockchain tech
    company: move | open
    companyURL: https://moveopen.nl
    twitter: bvanmaarseveen
    website: https://bart.vanmaarseveen.net
    bio: Open source advocate since mid nineties and as a result now full into open blockchain technology. With an entrepreneurial and pragmatic mind Bart is always working on liberating technology.
  - name: Hans Geldof
    title: Blockchain Project Manager & Trainer
    company: Geldof Innovation Technology
    companyURL: https://www.geldof.it
    twitter: hoihansie
    website: http://linkedin.com/in/hansgeldof
    bio: In professional IT since 1995, I programmed, designed and managed software and IT related projects for big and small companies. In crypto since 2013 and active in blockchain since 2017. Fan of open source and open public blockchain applications.
  - name: Henk van Cann
    title: Open Public Blockchain purist
    company: Bcws.io
    companyURL: http:/bcws.io
    twitter: henkvancann
    website: https://www.linkedin.com/in/henkvancann/
    bio: Open Public Blockchain tech, Bitcoin purist, Self Sov Identity, Crypto Innov., BlockDAM Amsterdam, husband, father, musician; else? open source minded, trainer
      Co-founder of the training firm Blockchain Workspace (bcws.io) and works for the open public blockchain community. In the past Henk has been an entrepreneur in GIS, building up a company of 25 people on the payroll and later build up a firm in open source CMS systems that worked with a team solely consisting of small proprietary holders. He sold the two firms in 1999 and 2016 consecutively.
  - name: Krijn Soeteman
    title: Author and science & tech journalist
    company: Self employed
    companyURL: https://ksoeteman.nl
    twitter: krijnsoeteman
    website: https://www.linkedin.com/in/krijnsoeteman/
    bio: Author of the book 'Cryptocurrencies for Dummies' (in Dutch and German). Got in touch with Bitcoin in late 2011 during research for a science tv programme and kept following the project. Real interest came after the famous Mt. Gox-crash and he started following the Bitcoin-project and other blockchain projects more closely. Got inspired with Ethereum and the possibilities of 'smart contracts'. After writing the book in 2018, he became an advocate of open public blockchains.
  - name: Bas Wisselink
    title: Speaker, writer and teacher
    company: Rational Creativity
    companyURL: 
    twitter: DamelonBCWS
    website: https://baswisselink.com
    bio: Public speaker, writer and educator on Bitcoin and open blockchain technology since 2013.
Worked on the Nxt blockchain, co-founded Blockchain Workspace and helped many people initiate projects, which is his main passion. He has a distinct vision about blockchain technology that is grounded in realism and honesty. Nothing is ever finished, nothing is perfect and the only way to move forward is to educate, build and progress.
### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ###
---

<!-- ### DON'T MAKE CHANGES BELOW THIS LINE! ### -->

<Event-Content/>
